Political Parties

TV (BNN): ... And with the end of the count, we conclude the 2022 Presidential Race, resulting in a major victory for the Liberal Party candidate, Comunistus Maximus with 65% of the popular vote. We now cut to a statement from the incumbent president, Major Pastor As'hol has of the Conservative Party, who has just been defeated.

TV (Pastor As'Hol): Good evening everyone, The lord giveth, and the lord taketh away, 4 years ago I was given a holy mandate from the people to guide this country away from Communism and Sin. I have to say I succeded in many areas, and in many others this joke of a congress IMPEDED progress and good policies, the communist Supreme Court has stricken down many reforms I enacted as unconstitutional, and we now see a new enemy rise up, the Electoral Tribunal has also been infiltrated by Communists and Sodomites, this sham election ...

Player: Ahh ... Fuck this guy, I'm gonna go for a walk ...

Player: Communists and Sodomites ...

Second: Hmm, what?

Player: Communists and Sodomites, do you really think he believes that?

Second: Well, he is an idiot.

Player: Haha ... Also was our president for the last 4 years. You going to keep watching this?

Second: Not really.

Player: Come with me, wanna play some pool?

Both get up.

Second: Do you think he believes that?

Player: What? Communists and Sodomites?

Second: Yeah.

Player: Well, there must be a non-zero number of Communists and a non-zero number of Sodomites in there, even if he did attempt to ban both from serving public office, thank God for our Communist Supreme Court right.

Second: There might even be a COMMUNIST SODOMITE working there right now.

Player: Exactly, imagine that!

Second: How did someone like that even get elected in the first place? He's a complete idiot.

Player: He's not an idiot, he knows exactly what he's doing.

Second: You think this is all for show?

Player: At least some of it must be, you know someone wrote that speech we just heard, and I doubt it was himself, did you notice that he was reading from a paper?

Second: Well it could've been written by himself.

Player: Could've but I really doubt it, have you seen his speeches before the presidential campaign?

Second: Cant say I have.

Player: He PRAISED Chavez, as a hope for Latin America, can you see him doing that now?

Second: Damn, that speech would go very differently nowadays, how many times do you think he'd say communist in a sentence.

Player: A very high non-zero number.

Second: ... It's kind of a scary realization.

Player: That our country is run by someone who does'nt even believe some of the stuff he says?

Second: Yeah.

Player: Welcome to the political party system.

Second: Do you think there is a solution to this?

Player: Dude, I'm a fourth year astronomy student, I have no idea, that's kind of a hard question.

Second: HA I guess you're right.

Player: But I think realizing that, is itself a step to a solution.

Second: Do you think this guy will try something "Dictatorial"?

Player: I'm not sure, I kind of doubt it, he completely lost support of the military and everyone is kind of pissed at him.

Player: Even his own party cant stand the guy.

Player: That might indicate that he writes his own speeches by the way.

Second: I guess you're right, you cant really become a dictator with 100 million people pissed at you.

Second: At least the guy who won is a bit better.

Player: That one I am SURE doesn't write his own speeches.

Second: Really? He sounds so genuine.

Player: Oh yeah, that one is a complete party-bitch.

Player: It sounds genuine because its what we want to hear, separation of church and state, investment in education, etc.

Player: It sounds good for us because the way he used to get votes happens to align with our interests.

Player: But do you remember that debate, where all that the Pastor said was "And where are you going to get all the money for that?" in repeat?

Player: I hate to agree with that asshole, but he's got a really good point.

Second: Tax the rich dude.

Player: Where's a neoliberal when I need one.

Second: HA, he's in class right now.

Player: Let's see if I can incarnate him in spirit...

Player: BUT THEN THE RICH PEOPLE WOULD LEAVE THE COUNTRY!!! AND WE'RE ALL FUCKED!!!

Player: FUCKED! NO MORE JOBS!!!

Second: Well, my neoliberal friend. We ban people from leaving the country with all the money they made here.

Player: And suddenly we became a Socialist country where you are stuck here and cant leave.

Second: I'm sure some people around here wouldnt mind that at all.

Player: Yeah, that kind of scares me.

Player: Thankfully the congress is way too conservative to allow that.

Player: God damn it, I cant believe I'm happy the congress is way too conservative for a change.

Second: HA, You religious nut.

Player: I just felt some shudders right now.

Second's cellphone starts beeping.

Second: Fuck, that's my alarm, I have classes right now.